pegi 18 some spectators could
find the images that will follow
violent or shocking
here are warned a lot everyone
I hope you are doing well today
I have a video to show you everything
just to show you that there is
objects really overpowering on the
map observe well while in voice to
left there are hidden weapons a
little bit on the map
simply I advise you
times why the brandes because
it is with these weapons that you go
to make a maximum of carnage of frags
from time to time agree even time age
to simply take a sniper
which you know was not bad
small combinations of weapons either
you have a grenade launcher sniper
and believe me it's really everything already
that's why I allowed myself to
take this sniper there to show that
I would laugh it really what
so it's a 50 caliber like you have
could actually see you have everything
it's just the m4 at least 2 to 3 a
stuff like that so the subway map
be aware that on battlefield 3
it was quite sharp on battery cats
and extremely straight forward for evidence that is
play 64 players
you also need to know one thing that if
unfortunately you are not precise
with a sniper or any weapon
simen you simply acquired the
most powerful weapon of the game
unfortunately the accuracy is a
major asset that it will be necessary not
take lightly
in any case here a lift like
I explained so it's a 64 cents either
3 cents of cat players so that's enough
easy in fact to be able all the time
it's hype and guys
so you stay a little behind
at the same time you observe it's a
quite naughty card enough compact and no
there are always individuals who
may present themselves
which side
that's why we do not need to trust
between lens and towers for the assault here
I'm learning the two people who are going
get out of hondt to get moving so the guy
that balance of small gifts
surprises so turn by levon is a
little we see there
doublettes unfortunately I took a
assistance because of the teammates who
disgust everything that moves for me
I wanted to offer you videos
so will be little by little the
objects that are very interesting to
take on the map so the gameplay
that I did in question I had to do
what diddy who sign up like that
because for now I'm in
hurting you small
episode that I really take for the
go out that I prefer to come out some
quality thing that to go out stuff
purpose for going out it's not necessarily
interesting for you as for me in
anyway I do not bother a little more in
the need in battlefield 2 4 this
year
habibou does a lot of videos of
quality so do not hesitate to tell me
really what you think by
report to all this I know you
know and doubt they did not know
is that I allowed myself to you
offer this video tense because I
find you for other videos to
soon
here is this video is over I hope
that you apply made you happy
of course if you are still not
good to machine try the adventure it's
free it will not have you
badly exclusive on video games that
is developing just for
you and just follow me too
on my social networks facebook twitter
the links are in the description
I find you for others
videos see you soon take care of yourself